Demo Script v2.0

BEFORE THE DEMO
Log into the application. If CMS522v0 exists, delete all patients associated with it. Then delete the CMS522v0 measure.


1. User logs into the application
2. User selects the Upload measure button which brings up the upload dialog.
3. User navigates to the CMS522v0 "Simple Discharged on Antithrombotic Therapy" zip file (testplan/SimpleDischargedOnAntithrombotic.zip)
    - This is NOT a real measure. This is a simplification of CMS72.
4. User selects "Eligible Hospital" on the upload dialog
5. User selects "Episode of Care" on the upload dialog
6. User clicks the Load button to dismiss the dialog. The measure loads and the user is presented with the finalize dialog.
7. On the finalize dialog, the user selects "Encounter, Performed: Inpatient Encounter" as the episode of care.
8. User clicks done to dismiss the finalize dialog.
9. User is returned to the measure dashboard with CMS522v0 loaded.
10. User clicks the measure title to navigate to the measure view.
    On the measure view, the user can see the Measure title, description, and logic.
    a. (Explain the IPP/DENOM/NUMER fields)
       a. IPP/DENOM - initial population and denominator. combined, they are the population of patients that *should* receive the standard of care
          - had an ischemic stroke
       b. NUMER - the population of patient that *did* receive the standard of care 
          - received antithrombotic medication
       c. DENEX/DENEXCEP - valid reasons why the patient might not receive the standard of care
          - refused medication or left against medical advice.
    b. if applicable, note that the logic is now CQL based. Note that statements can refer to other statements (e.g., the IPP)
       make sure you *know* where the statement the IPP refers to is in the logic
11. User clicks on the icon with a person and plus sign (add patient button) and navigates to the patient builder view.
12. The user names the patient "Ischemic No Meds" and provides an expectation that the patient will have IPP and DENOM values of 1.
13. Based on the logic, the user adds the following to the patient:

  Name: Ischemic, No Meds
  Expected Values: IPP 1, DENOM 1
  
  ** here, make sure to note why expected values are set! they are set so the MD can compare against actual values. They should be set in advance.**
  
  DOB: 01/01/1970 00:00
  Encounter, Performed: Inpatient Encounter
     Principal Diagnosis: Ischemic Stroke

  * Explain why this makes the IPP and DENOM true
  * Show highlighting - highlights green if logic clause evaluates to true. red otherwise.

14. User saves the patient which takes them to the measure view where they can see the results of the calculation.
    a. review coverage
    b. show pass rates and 1/1 patient passing
15. User clicks on the expansion icon for the patient.
    The user can see the results of the calculation highlighted on the Logic, the fact that there's a 100% match with expectations, and what populations the patient ended up in.
16. With the patient expanded, User clicks the Clone button to clone the patient.
17. User renames the patient to "Ischemic With Meds" and changes the NUMER expected value to 1.
18. User adds the following to the patient

  Name: Ischemic, With Meds
  Expected Values: IPP, DENOM, NUMER
  Medication, Discharge: Antithrombotic Therapy
    
  (Explain why this makes the NUMER true)

19. The user saves the patient and is taken to the measure view and can now see two patients.
    a. show larger coverage
    b. review pass rates and 2/2 patients passing

20. Go into Ischemic Meds and change the expected values to be incorrect
    a. Say something like, "For the sake of demonstration, I'm going to pretend that I *don't* think this patient should be in the numerator to show you how bonnie handles failing patients"
    b. save the patient
21. Show the fail rate - 1/2 patients passing. Expand the patient and review the population pass/fails


  
